README.md, before:

# Introduction: 
MangoDB is a lightweight social media platform that was developed by Kushal Mamillapalli (https://github.com/Techdude01), Sihan Ma (https://github.com/sihanma666), and Ayush Sarkar (https://github.com/asarkar17812). 

I personally owe a massive thank you to both Kushal and Sihan. Both of you are incredible groupmates and were nothing but friendly, prompt, and diligent for the length of the project. 

## Objectives: 
Through SQL, Flask, CSS, HTML, and some JavaScript, this project aims to create a Reddit-like app that enables a Q&A social platform with interaction features like commenting, liking and disliking, and sorting by certain metafeatures, like engagement(votes and comments), time-posted, etc. 

We implement standard security practices at the database and application levels, including normalization of table keys, role-based access control, session management, flash messages, and more. 

To enable a richer and more engaged community, we also allow users to request to chat with one or more users at a time. This way, users can discuss posts, comments, tags, or otherwise communicate with each other, beyond just posting. Users are required to request and accept ChatRequests, meaning that messaging is only enabled if all parties mutually agree to connect. Additionally, chats are saved so that users can return to their messages 

We also implement a Tag system, where users can identify their own interests by selecting a limited number of pre-defined tags. Furthermore, some of these tags can be added to posts, allowing users to browse by certain tags and find specific questions or answers to related topics. 

## Entity-Relationship Diagram: 
<img width="1154" height="1484" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbcf5d38-48f1-49ec-9921-aa9ebd28c1b6" />

Commit message:

Update README with documentation reference and gratitude
Added a note about the MangoDB documentation and a thank you message.

README.md, after:

# Introduction: 
MangoDB is a lightweight social media platform that was developed by Kushal Mamillapalli (https://github.com/Techdude01), Sihan Ma (https://github.com/sihanma666), and Ayush Sarkar (https://github.com/asarkar17812). 

I personally owe a massive thank you to both Kushal and Sihan. Both of you are incredible groupmates and were nothing but friendly, prompt, and diligent for the length of the project. 

## Objectives: 
Through SQL, Flask, CSS, HTML, and some JavaScript, this project aims to create a Reddit-like app that enables a Q&A social platform with interaction features like commenting, liking and disliking, and sorting by certain metafeatures, like engagement(votes and comments), time-posted, etc. 

We implement standard security practices at the database and application levels, including normalization of table keys, role-based access control, session management, flash messages, and more. 

To enable a richer and more engaged community, we also allow users to request to chat with one or more users at a time. This way, users can discuss posts, comments, tags, or otherwise communicate with each other, beyond just posting. Users are required to request and accept ChatRequests, meaning that messaging is only enabled if all parties mutually agree to connect. Additionally, chats are saved so that users can return to their messages 

We also implement a Tag system, where users can identify their own interests by selecting a limited number of pre-defined tags. Furthermore, some of these tags can be added to posts, allowing users to browse by certain tags and find specific questions or answers to related topics. 

For more information, please read MangoDB_docs.pdf

Thank you for checking out MangoDB!!

## Entity-Relationship Diagram: 
<img width="1154" height="1484" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbcf5d38-48f1-49ec-9921-aa9ebd28c1b6" />
